Sorry bro
Please forgive me.
Excuse me.
I can't spare you.
You scum of society
Should stay in the dark
Regret-ridden
Mom, are you alright?
I'm fine, I'm just scared, don't worry.
With me here, no one can hurt you.
Let's go home
Let's go, Uncle Shen, let's go
Yeah, OK.
Meifeng God of War, what's the matter?
Meifeng God of War
I have something I want to ask you for help with.
What are you busy with I know
You are a powerful general under Lord One Emperor
I want to see the emperor
Can I ask you to help?
Look what I do
I don't know any warlords and emperors
Excuse me?
The identity of the Medical Emperor is mysterious and noble
Not everyone can see
I can't trouble him
I know. Is that why I need your help?
Oh, by the way, Qin Zhan and I are also good friends.
Pardon me?
You and I are good friends.
When was I your best friend?